# Flask131

# Ethical Implications
Our team’s professional responsibilities in building our application included the following: Making sure the users of our app are able to navigate around the website, successfully let the users use all the provided features of our application, Have a simple user interface to make the application systematic to use and easy to understand how each feature works. Ethically, we, as a team, prioritized the safety and security of our users. For instance, all the features of our application were only accessible to those users who logged in with their correct and valid login credentials. That way, we made sure that people who are not logged in could not access any information about other users or posts published. We believe this idea is a good way to make this application more secure to use. This way, engineering solutions through apps like our team’s social media app play a huge role in various fields. In global context, when such an application is released on a worldwide accessibility level, people all around the world have access to this application. On a global level, it would be quite important and challenging to make sure all the users follow proper guidelines such as being respectful with the posts, comments. Yet, on an economic level, utilizing these apps could be very beneficial for job seekers as they could learn about potential job postings via posts, among other such helpful information. In an environmental context, people spending a lot of time on digital apps can increase the carbon footprint, negatively impacting nature. However, in societal context, such apps would help different communities come closer together even if they may be physically present in different geographical locations. This could be really powerful in also potentially bringing peace and unity among everyone. Of course, for each context, there are pros and cons that engineering solutions bring in. So, the users themselves should be aware of them and make sure to utilize these apps in a way that they lead to sustainable results not just for themselves but for everyone as well.
